Update docker quick start section in docs (#11485)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/quickstart.md

      The `YDB_USE_IN_MEMORY_PDISKS` setting makes all data volatile, stored only in RAM. Currently, data persistence by turning it off is supported only on x86_64 processors.

>       To disable the `YDB_USE_IN_MEMORY_PDISKS` option when running a Docker container on a Mac with an Apple Silicon processor, it must emulate the x86_64 instruction set:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      To disable the `YDB_USE_IN_MEMORY_PDISKS` option when running a Docker container on a Mac computer with Apple silicon, it must emulate the x86_64 instruction set:
```

>       - With [colima](https://github.com/abiosoft/colima), use the `colima start --arch aarch64 --vm-type=vz --vz-rosetta` options.

Reviewer 2: Working Colima template

```
# Architecture of the virtual machine (x86_64, aarch64, host).
#
# NOTE: value cannot be changed after virtual machine is created.
# Default: host
arch: host

# Virtual Machine type (qemu, vz)
# NOTE: this is macOS 13 only. For Linux and macOS <13.0, qemu is always used.
#
# vz is macOS virtualization framework and requires macOS 13
#
# NOTE: value cannot be changed after virtual machine is created.
# Default: qemu
vmType: vz

# Utilise rosetta for amd64 emulation (requires m1 mac and vmType `vz`)
# Default: false
rosetta: true

# Volume mount driver for the virtual machine (virtiofs, 9p, sshfs).
#
# virtiofs is limited to macOS and vmType `vz`. It is the fastest of the options.
#
# 9p is the recommended and the most stable option for vmType `qemu`.
#
# sshfs is faster than 9p but the least reliable of the options (when there are lots
# of concurrent reads or writes).
#
# NOTE: value cannot be changed after virtual machine is created.
# Default: virtiofs (for vz), sshfs (for qemu)
mountType: virtiofs

# Propagate inotify file events to the VM.
# NOTE: this is experimental.
mountInotify: false
```

>       - With [colima](https://github.com/abiosoft/colima), use the `colima start --arch aarch64 --vm-type=vz --vz-rosetta` options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - With [colima](https://github.com/abiosoft/colima) – use the `colima start --arch aarch64 --vm-type=vz --vz-rosetta` options.
```

>       - With [Docker Desktop](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/setup/install/mac-install/), install and enable Rosetta 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - With [Docker Desktop](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/setup/install/mac-install/) – install and enable Rosetta 2.
```

      The `YDB_USE_IN_MEMORY_PDISKS` setting makes all data volatile, stored only in RAM. Currently, data persistence by turning it off is supported only on x86_64 processors.

>       {% note warning %}
> 
>       You can use one of the following methods to save data using the disable `YDB_USE_IN_MEMORY_PDISKS` option when running a Docker container on a Mac with ARM processors:
> 
>       - Use [Docker Desktop](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/setup/install/mac-install/)
> 
>       - Use [colima](https://github.com/abiosoft/colima)
> 
>         1. You can install it via brew
> 
>            ```bash
>            brew install colima
>            ```
> 
>         2. Start the VM via colima specifying `--vm-type=vz` instead of `qemu` which is specified by default
> 
>            ```bash
>            colima start --arch aarch64 --vm-type=vz --vz-rosetta
>            ```
> 
>       {% endnote %}

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To disable the `YDB_USE_IN_MEMORY_PDISKS` option when running a Docker container on a Mac with an Apple Silicon processor, it must emulate the x86_64 instruction set:

- With [colima](https://github.com/abiosoft/colima), use the `colima start --arch aarch64 --vm-type=vz --vz-rosetta` options.
- With [Docker Desktop](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/setup/install/mac-install/), install and enable Rosetta 2.
```

Author: Проправил и в ru и в en https://github.com/ydb-platform/ydb/pull/11485/commits/d2bf27c970eb484858dd1ba59298046863156e8b
